OK
Hey, it's still good.
It looks energetic
This is where men belong
Eh
We can agree in advance
If Shu Han finds out
You have to help me.
That's for sure.
Who are we with?
Brother, are you afraid of your wife?
I would be afraid of him
Your brother is the same at home
I told him to go east and he will never go west
Did you not expect Qin Gongzi to be so powerful?
It doesn't matter who the master is
Humph
Shu Han Xiaoyue
Why are you here?
Aren't you looking after second uncle at home?
Uncle Qian has his aunt to take care of him
We don't need our big brother and second brother.
I saw you sneaking out the door
I thought you were secretly doing something big
I followed because I was worried
I didn't expect you to want to visit the brothel
Whose idea?
You try it.
Big brother, it's not that little brother can't help you.
Hey, we're here for a reason, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're here on business
I'd like to know what the business is
But ugly talk ahead
If you displease me
Don't worry, we guarantee to satisfy you both.